everyone
This phone is going to change your perception.
Hey, why is this phone black?
This screen this is the screen
Such a big screen
Folding screen
He actually folded the screen.
We can't do that with our current technology.
Is this design really novel and beautiful?
This is the first time I've seen it.
This design is truly incredible.
everyone
It's a phone with the latest technology.
No matter from the design of the system
Or from the interface design of the UI
Are the best in the world
Here we go.
Let me show you what it does.
And operation
Not just touch screen operation
Or a virtual keyboard?
This is better than the ugly and hard solid-state keyboards we have today
More technology
Can this phone really play games?
The picture is so clear
Manipulation is so smooth
That's way beyond anything we have today.
Ok, those games used to be
But our system is already ahead of us
Now I have a mobile phone for an era
Yes, this operating system is simple and elegant
Easy to operate
Jin Feng will definitely become a major military trainer in the future
I didn't expect it.
I can't believe you can build a single system.
This has never been done before.
What my ex-husband said turned out to be true
Mom, Dad, is this phone awesome?
Very impressive. Very impressive.
Good dad great
That's amazing.
If this system can be used on gorgeous mobile phones
Gorgeous phones can definitely come back to life
How is that possible?
This trash
Independently developed a mobile phone system
There are also large computer games built into it
This is enough to kill Sharp in seconds
What system?
Is it important?
Of course it matters.
This mobile phone system is enough to lead the era
I think Sharp is great
It can't be broken, but it can also smash walnuts.
Damn this kid
To be able to develop such an excellent mobile phone system
No way.
Acquire Gorgeous City as soon as possible
Auntie is right
What is a cell phone system?
A dedicated R & D team in the lower bunk
Make it in minutes
Qin Feng said
Can you smash walnuts with this phone?